Afternoon Forest Wildflowers Accent your afternoon walk with these wildflowers.Ankle Feathers Ankle Feathers given out on Christmas 2006 Apollo Feather A feather from the almighty Apollo!Apollo's Lyre Base model of the great Apollo's lyre.Ares Shield A shield that represents the fighters of Are's bloodline.Artists Bag A nifty bag that can store various art supplies.Artists Brush A paintbrush every artist should have.Artists Palette The classic palette an artist might use to store paintsAutumn Leaf A little autumn leaf your waja can play with. Aviator Goggles Every Waja Pilot needs a pair of these! Ball and ChainOnly the most troublesome wajas have a ball and chain. Bird BranchJust the type of branch birds love to perch on.Black Beak A nifty beak addon! Black Rose Oooh a black rose that your waja can hold. Black Shutter Shades Black Shutter Shades Blue Bubbles Oooh pretty blue bubbles. Blue Earwings Adorable wings of love that go behind your waja! Blue Iris A fancy blue iris to place behind your Waja Blue Rose Oooh a blue rose that your waja can hold. Blue Shutter Shades Blue Shutter ShadesBlue Sparkler Don't let your waja hold it too long... Bodhran Drum Now your wajas can play with a Bodhran Drum BowlA bowl for the hungry or thirty wajas. Box of Chocolates Ooooh, chocolates!Bromeliad Bromeliad Brown Beak A nifty beak addon! Brown Shutter Shades Brown Shutter Shades Butter Straps Ever wished your waja had butterfly wings? Now is your chance! Buckle on these plastic wings and you are ready to go! Note: This is an ACCESSORY Campfire Now your waja can have a small campfire! Celtic Harp A Celtic Harp for the classy Wajas. Chocolate Chip Cookie Mmmm a chocolate chip cookie Cirrus Fields Flowers Fields of flowers, sitting at your feet. Clover This clover is bound to give the wearer a lot of luck.Cosmic Explosion Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with COSMIC EXPLOSION headphones!!! Cowboy Spurs Cowboy Spurs for your waja&#39;s wrists! Cresent Moon Foreground (Equipped with Black Wallpaper) Oops! Your waja got hungry and took a bite out of the moon...Cupid Ankle Wings Miniature replicas of Cupid's wings that were tastefully created to support a Waja's ankles.Cupid Arrow Any waja in hopes of finding true love would carry this.Cupid Bow Cupid's bow.Dagger A righteous dagger for the righteousness. Deluxe Suit Hanger An expertly crafted suit hanger. It is very expensive for some reason, even though it does not do anything except hang an even more expensive suit. Bizarre. Demon Anklewings Wings of Evil to place upon your Waja&#39;s ankles. Demonic Book Such a strange book! I would be careful when holding it, those teeth look pretty sharp! Dragonfly Wings Every insect fan should have a set of Dragonfly Wings for their collections.Eternal Flame Eternal Flame Eyelashes Eyelashes Fake Tongue What a silly thing! It&#39;s a fake tongue for your Waja!Falling Leaves A wall of gorgeous autumn leaves will fall over your waja.Fire Extinguisher Always smart to have a fire extinguisher around!Fire Hammer A powerful hammer enchanted in fire. Full Moon Foreground (Equipped with Black Wallpaper) Oooh.. A glowy moon for your wallpapers! Glamour Wing A pink heart barrett with flowing blue fabric that fan out into a wing Glitter Mask What a fancy looking mask!Gold Sparkler Don't let your waja hold it too long...Grape Vines Mmm grapes.Great Bow A great bow that used to belong to one of the greatest hunters in all history. Green Shutter Shades Green Shutter ShadesGreen Sparkler Don't let your waja hold it too long... Head Arrow This item will make it look like someone shot an arrow through your waja&#39;s head! Haha, such a mean prank! Ice Clusters Clusters of ice that grow on your Waja's shoulders.Ice Tiara Precious ice tiara for the majestic Wajas. Indian Headdress An indian headdress for the alpha wajas. Indian Spear An indian spear. Irish Rainbow The irish rainbow is a magnificent thing filled with sparkles and perhaps candies? Irish Rose A beautiful red Irish Rose. Leg Bands Black Leather Leg BandsLightning Bolt A symbol of power, the Lightning Bolt. Light Rays Foreground (Equipped with Black Wallpaper) Some light rays for your wallpapers.Luna Moth Antennae Part of the Luna Moth set.Luna Moth Tail Part of the Luna Moth set.Luna Moth Winglets Part of the Luna Moth set.Machete Machete Magic Rings A trick that will leave all your friends saying, &quot;How did she/he do that?!&quot; Magicians Hat Pulling a rabbit out of a hat? Classic magician trick. Magicians Wand What's a Magician without his wand? Money BagLooks like the bags the bank keeps its money in. One can only guess how your waja got a hold of it.Mummy Bandages Spiffy Mummy Bandages Mushrooms Mushrooms found in the Mining cave. Ofuda Does your waja attract evil spirits? Use this handy Ofuda to prevent it! Orange Beak A nifty beak addon! Orange Shutter Shades Orange Shutter Shades Ossicones Brown ossicones.Paint Splatters What happens when someone gets a little too crazy with their paints? Splatters!Paints An essential item to anyone who wants to paint a picture. Pepperoni Pizza Mmmm... pizza!! Phoenix Feathers Pretty phoenix feathers. Sold June 07 Pickaxe The pickaxe is an essential tool for those Wajas that love digging.Pile of Leaves Fun to jump or roll in! Pink Earwings Adorable wings of love that go behind your Waja! Pink Hawaiian Flower A pretty pink flower native to Hawaii. Pink Nose Use this item to make your Waja&#39;s nose pink! NOTE: This is an ACCESSORY. Pink Shutter Shades Pink Shutter Shades Pixie Wings Fluttering, flittering, fabulous pixie wings!Poseidon's Trident Poseidon's symbol of power, his trident. Pot o Gold Shweet! A pot of gold.Pumpkin Pie Slice It seems your waja would rather play with this pie than eat it. Purple Iris A delicate purple iris to place behind your Waja Purple Shutter Shades Purple Shutter Shades Purple Hawaiian Flower A pretty purple flower native to Hawaii.Quill An essential utensil to any Shakespearean writer. Rabbit Slipper Rabbit Slipper given out Easter 07Radioactive Salt The only protection a Waja can have against Radioactive Slugs!!.. Radioactive Slug Such a strange creature! I wonder what would happen if you let your waja eat it... Rain (Equipped with Black Wallpaper) Some craaazzeeeh rain for your wallpapers. Rainbow A beautiful rainbow that floats above your waja Rainbow Bubbles Oooh pretty rainbow bubbles! Just the perfect thing for those underwater creatures! Rainbow Splash A splash of glittery rainbow paint to brighten up any Waja! Raining Clovers It's rainin' clovers, hey hey. Raining Money Ooh your Waja must be lucky! Its raining money!Rake I wonder why a waja needs a rake?Record Player Because CD players are so 90's. Red Shutter Shades Red Shutter ShadesRed Sparkler Don't let your waja hold it too long... Ribbon Ribbon handed out on Easter 07 River Foreground A pretty river foreground to place before your waja. Roasting Marshmallow A must have for any sweet loving Waja!Rocking Blue Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with blue headphones!Rocking Classic Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with classic headphones!Rocking Green Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with green headphones!Rocking Orange Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with orange headphones!Rocking Pink Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with pink headphones!Rocking Purple Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with purple headphones!Rocking Yellow Headphones Now your waja can ROCK OUT with yellow headphones! RopeA lengthy rope your waja can carry around.Rose A gleaming rose. How romantic! Rusty Chain Rusty chain found in mining cave. Slimly Back A piece of the slime set. Only works on Normal Wajas. NormalSlimly Foot A piece of the slime set. Only works on Normal Wajas. NormalSlimly Leg A piece of the slime set. Only works on Normal Wajas. NormalSlimly Mask A piece of the slime set. Only works on Normal Wajas. NormalSlimly Tail A piece of the slime set. Only works on Normal Wajas. NormalSmall Town Aww its a cute little town with stick people! :D Smooch Oh dear! Apply this and other wajas will think your Waja got a big kiss!Snowy Back Aww, your waja is covered in snow! Sparkles Place this on your waja and watch it sparkle and shine like a princess! Sprig of Herbs Its a sprig of herbs. Spring Rainfall A refreshing spring rainfall!Stack of Books A stack of books.Standing Water The Standing Water foreground will make your waja look like he/she is in deep water. Star Hawaiian Flower A pretty star flower native to Hawaii.Straw of Wheat A tasty straw of wheat. Sunflowers Sunflowers Sunflowers Foreground Some cute sunflowers and grass foreground! Tail Flowers Tail Flowers handed out on Easter 07. Tail Sunflowers Tail Sunflowers Teal Shutter Shades Teal Shutter ShadesThrown ConfettiNo party is complete without confetti to throw!Tied Fabric How do they get so many fabrics tied together? A mystery! Trail of Gold It must be hard trying to transport so much gold, a trail of it would be expected. Turkey Feather A Turkey Feather given out on Thanksgiving 2006. =)Valentine A present a waja can give to its love.Vines Using the Vines foreground will place vines above your waja as if he/she were deep in a jungle!Vine Tail Tail piece made out of vine. Walking Cane Perhaps stolen from an elder Waja? Seems your wajas were up to no good. White Hawaiian Flower A pretty white flower native to Hawaii. White Iris An elegant white iris to place behind your Waja White Shutter Shades White Shutter ShadesWinterbreath Breathing life into your wajas. Winter Wings Beautifully painted winter wings that leave a trail of snow. Yellow Hawaiian Flower A pretty yellow flower native to Hawaii. Yellow Iris An elegant yellow iris to place behind your Waja Yellow Rose Oooh a yellow rose that your waja can hold. Yellow Shutter Shades Yellow Shutter Shades